Full code review (#1)
neuroevolution-ai/ProcgenAutoencoder: README.md

# Procgen Autoencoders

This repository was created in the internship Engineering Software Development WS2021 at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. 
The goal of the internship was to create a Gym environment for the Procgen game _**Heist**_, which outputs an encoding of an autoencoder as observation space. 

This repository contains the created gym environments in the `gym_autoencoder`folder  as well as scripts to train and create own gym environments for other procgen games.

## Installation
1) Clone the repository
2) Execute the following command in the source folder
```bash
pip install -e .
```

> For full usage this additional pakets should be installed:

Author: ```suggestion
For full usage this additional package should be installed:
```

## Train your own Autoencoder with own Dataset

This section describes how you can generate Data and Train your Autoencoder yourself. If you just want to use the predefined Gym-Environments you can skip reading this section.

### Generating Samples

For Data Generation use the files provided in the `data_generation` Folder. Running `sample_generator_heist_basic.py` will result in a _training.npy_ and _test.npy_ for the Procgen Game Heist.
For a balanced Dataset (Equal Number of Pictures with Keys/Doors and without Keys/Doors) use `sample_generator_heist.py` 

**Warning:**  `sample_generator_heist` needs ~20x time for Data Generation

### Training Autoencoders
After Generating samples run `autoencoder_training.py` Hyperparameters can be changed in the `training_hyperparameters.yaml` File. 

Training generates checkpoints if test loss gets better. Early Stopping is used (default=10)

**Notes:** Autoencoder will be saved in specified save directory. After Training Autoencoder will be evaluated on different Metrics.

### Evaluation Autoencoder

> Speed of Autoencoder (GPU & CPU) will be tested with Batch Size 1 and 64. odel Architecture and Speed will 

Author: ```suggestion
Speed of Autoencoder (GPU & CPU) will be tested with Batch Size 1 and 64. Model Architecture and Speed will 
```

A Video will be created like featured below. Also Graph containing Train/Test Loss per Epoch will be saved.
If you want to make further evaluations feel free to use the generated `metrics.npy` and the model itself.

**Video Beispiel**

Left input Image, right generated image by the autoencoder. Prints also Loss-Function 
![Alt text](./screenshots/video_example.png?raw=true "Video Example") 
 
### Make Gym-Environment with trained Autoencoder

Create a new python file that inherits from `auto_basic_env.AutoencoderBasicEnv` You need the path to the trained model,
 the skeleton of the autoencoder and the dimension of the output vector. Orientate yourself on the existing environments. 
 Also add your class in the `/gym_autoencoder/__init__.py.`
 After that you should be able to run your autoencoder like descriped above.

## Autoencoder Architectures

Every Autoencoder inherit from `BaseAutoencoder.py` and should overwrite `encode`,`forward` and `loss_function` This work has implemented six different Autoenencoder for Usage. Feel free to extend this work :)

| Encoding Autoencoder | Autoencoder Name | Description | Encoding Time
| ------ | ---- | ---- | ---------------------|

> | | `conv_maxpool_autoencoder.py`  | Autoencoder based on Convolutional Layers and Pooling Layers, afterwords an Bottleneck Layer. Afterwards Transposed Convolutional Layers are used | GPU: 0.4374ms <br /> CPU: 1.211ms

Author: ```suggestion
| | `conv_maxpool_autoencoder.py`  | Autoencoder based on Convolutional Layers and Pooling Layers, followed by a Bottleneck Layer. Afterwards Transposed Convolutional Layers are used | GPU: 0.4374ms <br /> CPU: 1.211ms
```
